Dear Hiring Manager

I am very much interested in your job post on Upwork. You have been looking for a Web developer who is able to deliver you the best. I consider myself as the right choice for you because I have the right skills and potentiality to match your needs. I am an established Web Developer Through hard work I have gained some excellent skills in Web Development. So, I want to explore the vast possibilities in Web Development. I expect that your fine judgment will be able to pick me up from the rest of the candidates.
I would like to demonstrate my skills which are sufficient for a Web Developer. Through many hardships and by investing a lot of time, I have been able to gain high skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, bootstrap, php, mysql database, laravel, Backend basics, SEO and Designing. Additionally, I also have a great eye for colors and designs. I have been going through different jobs and ideas since the past three years. I always welcome new ideas and suggestions to sharpen my skills.

To prove my eligibility, I would like to show you my previous track records. I can proudly express that I have been serving as a Web Developer successfully for more than two years. You can have a look at my works and feedback to keep me ahead from the rest of the competitors. I very well understand the preciousness of time, and so I have always submitted my jobs in allotted time. You will be delighted to know that I have been selected 4 times for the company trip among the 10% of the employees.
That’s why I’m more than confident that I can be a great asset to your project. I would really love to have the opportunity to discuss the project details with you further. If you have any questions about my qualifications and skills, please do not hesitate to check out my profile, portfolio and work history which is attached here.

If you want to contact me later, I’m always available on Email. I am willing to work for 30 hours per week to help you with your project. So, I am really looking forward to start the project as soon as possible with your permission.

Thanks for considering,
Sincerel